right in the front down look
keep your head down to get the
right side of the pile and come
left a little still up
just come to the right one
o'clock we've got four fish in
Hollywood has four fish
we're not connect oh we're
hoping for more money . of view
we're actually ahead of him
why don't you want well I can't
call the right color all right
gone you can tell it's the last
days for harpoon because the
fish are getting hotter and
hotter the spot
this could be our last shot get
a paycheck this year because
tomorrow they might just stay
down
let's not race around whatever
we do yeah I don't think he'll
be doing Jimmy
I don't know I think I don't
think they're doing anything I
hope not
most common but who count only
what is haha
we tied with Greg today with one
fish he's got one we got one
we need a top quality fish to
catch the Kristiana I can't let
those bums beat me
i love when they bring the
pressure on it makes me just
focus on killing them as she
activity does it fix yourself
you're about eight full Glen's
them all that line going to get
out of here to me
slice brand want to know that
you're there pick up the power a
little bit with your speed right
up come around
got him got him Jimmy know a
couple there i think one more
I'd be real happy we got to
bring it is still friends and
Tails it right beside us right
beside us frame for oh yeah baby
give me on that big boy
we're a tax paid it'd be nice to
get another fish here three
boats so spread out riding in
there a little bit
look there you are here oh yeah
dad take I'm cake of general
behind him and come up call to
collaborate funny a color
there's a big pasture right
there get me on that couple
boats away your fault match
after one get away from me up
there right there right there
right there right there right
there right there ain't it
ready ready ready ready ready
didn't break right yeah yeah
yeah
yeah come on bottom Jerry
oh my god i asked for one more
this trip
the Kristiana start out ahead of
the lily I think this fish will
keep it that way
seventy-four inches Hollywood
feels he has to be the number
one boat or he's gonna lose face
so he's definitely nervous that
we're gonna beat him up things
happy
put some blood on the deck it's
like I wanted and it's game time
ripping right at that nice one
to Billy is it
let's measure monitor a rig 82
nice right here buddy hi that
was teamwork
nice